Misinformation - When people unknowingly spread fake news.
Disinformation - When false information is intentionally spread in order to mislead individuals.
Fake News -  False information that is presented to be news. Often times the false information is delivered through official news media.

Jalen Dali - Ceo of Chirp Inc.
Hello employee number 92699, We here at Chirp Incorporated would like to congratulate you on joining our esteemed organization. 
We take pride in hosting an environment where individuals can come together and share their ideas with each other in a safe space. 
This space is an inclusive environment that keeps people informed. 
It is your duty to ward off misinformation, disinformation and fake news. 
Every one of us has an obligation to uphold these principles, so do your part to keep our community safe.

Zhymir Salvador- Head Social Media Manager 
Here at Chirp Inc your job will be to monitor our social platform for user generated content that does not align with our community guidelines. 
We strive for credible content that keeps users informed about current events. 
Content that breeds hostility and division will not be tolerated in any capacity.  
We also are a business that depends on the funding that publications pay for curating their content on our site. 
Keep in mind that not all stories and publications bring in the same amount of users. 
Finally, we will be sending emails every couple of days to share with you the current goals that Chirp Inc has for its platform. 
Platforms may even email you asking for promotions.

Bot - Social Media Bot/Tutorial 
Things to keep in mind when moderating posts.
Is this post harmful?
What does post promote?
What resources will this post produce?

Debra Lionhart - Chief of Treasury
Hello employee number 92699, I am the chief of treasury. 
My job is to make sure that funds for the company and you are properly managed. 
It is important for the company to have the funding necessary to keep our social platform sustainable. 
Your performance will be evaluated based on your effectiveness at maintaining above a threshold of 20 in popularity, credibility , and funding. 
The work that you will do is the work that keeps the truth afloat.

Bot - Social Media Bot/Tutorial 
When you are ready to start press the "Chirp" tab in the upper left hand corner of the browser window. 

