FREEDOM !!
EVERYONE, The Earth is flat!!! #Truth
Global Warming is #FakeNews
I heard about this crazy conspiracy theory about life being on Mars. Why is Everyone all of a sudden so interested in sending Billionaires into space. THEY MADE CONTACT!!!
I can’t believe that @OfficialWhiteH0use posted that The United States has been brought by China. This is unreal !!
Nature is just so dang beautiful y’all.Join me live tonight as we host 25 annual midnight hike!! DM for details!
Donate to #feedthehungry to feed starving African children today. Every 1$ raised will go a long way.
@OfficialWhiteH0use posted take shelter immediately. Im freaking out im so scared, its gotta be the Russians!!
Ratio, Ratio, Ratio, Ratio
Hot take moment, History is a lie!!
Jergens brand has been protecting skin for over 100 years. Buy the new model of lotions that Use all natural ingredients while being animal cruelty free. Use code JergenFever at checkout for 15% your first order.
What happened to all the good games??
ATTENTION American Citizens, this is not a drill. Seek shelter immediately. Dont look up.
We have a code red situation, There is a new super virus that is airborne that was first discovered in Antartica. This super viruscode named Storal has a mortality rate of 75%. Every citizen must go into lockdown until further notice. 
Vaccines are the best way to protect yourself against Covid-19. Get vaccinated today! Also remember to always wear your mask when indoors as well as outdoors.
Voting is the right of every American citizen regardless of the color of Someone’s skin.
We are excited to announce that the COVID-19 pandemic is now OVER. 
Take your food into your own hands. Create an authentic food plan that maximizes your mental and physical health. Order today!!
Shea butter will leave your skin shinning bright, BUY TODAY!!
Try Orangatang bananas , they make you go ape.
Be sure to check out our new stock of luxury watches for both men and women.Made from 100% recycled material, these watches put style back in STYLE.
Definitely not a bot guys. Vote Democrat always, Republicans are proven racist. #BlueWave2022
The Star Sirius in the constellation Canis Major is shining brighter than usual. 
BREAKING NEWS!! The north star Polaris is falling to the earth. Take shelter IMMEDIATELY.
Putin’s Russia cannot remain in power for the sake of the United States and the world at large. This man is a mence and a war criminal. 
BREAKING NEWS! Biden to release classified documents that could land Former President Donald Trump in Prison. 
BREAKING NEWS!! Jill and Joe Biden give birth to an alien baby while in office.
BREAKING NEWS!! @RealJoeBidęn has called for the 13th amendment to be nullified. Effective IMMEDIATELY.
Homelessness is now a crime.

